[Music]
Mario fifth reported
who reported you now but Mario
How many YouTube reports do you have Let's
see, let's see a little what Diego
Arrabal has been saying about the
program the
other day with Marina, okay because
apparently he has spoken out and said
some things that could be useful
for an extract,
let's get to it, but using the
image with something that is not true, I
think it's not good, [ __ ] I always
say it is not good, it's not that it's that no, they haven't
said but have you seen the
video, damn No, but it's just that
by Seeing the cover I'm already angry
Well, but yes, like I'm angry,
no, what I am is screwed with a gumboil
But because my face has turned Yeah,
but not from something else
But not for nothing What's wrong with him and even less because of
what they
wanted to link all the things that I
had What is wrong with him What is
wrong with him Why is he angry
written on Twitter
Yesterday morning I think it was Well,
I'll say it or I'll say it when it was I think it
was yesterday morning, let's
see
from the title  from your extract Oh yes
And I don't and I didn't understand it very well eh
Yes the truth is that at first I didn't
understand it very well but but well
Yes yesterday morning yes indeed
yesterday mid-morning I'm not going to I'm not going to yes I'm
going to say who the person is but I'm not
going to I'm
not going to I'm not going to say what I spoke with that
person not that Marina Aznarme sends me
some messages some audio messages such and
I didn't understand anything she was
talking to me about a yes about a circus and it's
true that I can that the day
before or the day before I put on a circus but it
had nothing to do with it
the day that I tell you about the
Circus But the day that you come up with the
nonsense that you're going to say regarding the
Circus I'm not saying let's say you're telling me
Or so what is it that he's trying to
say that the tweets about the Circus weren't about
that
Oh I mean really many times Diego
behaves as if he were
14 years old he
behaves as if he were 14 years old
Many times
he knows But the thing is that I don't think that an
explanation is necessary he knows
perfectly well that the tweets of the  Circus and such and
such he put it while we
were broadcasting the program I
mean I did it to troll so
that when we tell you Diego arrabal has
put on a circus you can say no it wasn't for
that it was for something that will
come out
Oh Diego Yes Diego it's like when you said that
you weren't driving the phone that day
in one hand that you were carrying it
here with a gadget that wouldn't fit you
should have a convertible
Oh really
but one day I'll tell it why I was saying
someday when you come up with it But oh
well it doesn't matter and of course I didn't understand
anything and with my face like I was saying
Well no well I don't know if I haven't
told him much either it's just that what
I made of him seems like dude I mean if you
if you say something he
reported me I
can say it Mario quinta reported
but it's that I don't even know who he is I mean
really if you have to comment on
something about a program or about some
YouTube channel
Do it dude
do it
and they've stopped with the nonsense of
not criticizing a YouTuber but  still a
TV collaborator, yes, you criticize
whoever you want, you
criticize whoever you want,
really. So it doesn't matter, give
your opinion, talk about the topic of the week and that's it,
the importance. I know that neither, let's see,
you see how we didn't say goodbye so
well, let's see, we said goodbye
cordially but let's see, I don't give it,
I didn't give any importance
to what she was telling me but I didn't
understand the conversation either but I say Well, I do
n't know, there are many times when I don't
understand a conversation Maybe from
a colleague No At that moment you did
know from what Marina was telling you
because you posted these tweets about the
Circus, I don't know what, but at that moment it had
n't occurred to you to deny it Oh but I do
n't think I even need to
explain it, the truth
is that it seems to me like I'm
explaining something from the nursery, I
have enough confidence with Marina to, I do
n't know, like, tell her four things,
just like she can tell me
without any kind of problem, no, but
I didn't understand that conversation because she's bringing
up the circus thing, then she
sends me a screenshot of I don't know what, a
screenshot because I had posted There was
once a circus there is the song No of
the clowns on TV that I
repeat again that it has nothing to do with the
world of YouTube but it is not with a
topic Yes with anything from the world of YouTube in
Yes nothing nothing It is that it has nothing to
do but well it
has nothing to do with the world of
YouTube or anything it
was a tweet about football it was a tweet about football about
football also that is not very
related to television about football it was
a tweet about the Natural History Museum it
was a tweet that had to do
with the bones of the tyrannosaurus rex
you know I mean Who would think at that
moment at that time on Tuesday to think
that it was about that
and yesterday morning well it was like I didn't
understand it But well I left it there
but today that I have become very when I have already
decided Today I say Come on then
tonight I will do a live because I
think since I am more or less well I am
tired the truth But and I say I am going to start
watching a little I say Well this
is already a fantasy a real fantasy
all because of course I have
also posted a tweet I don't know if it was today
or yesterday I
also posted a denial
that  I don't know, maybe it was this morning, imagine
how I am, so I don't remember. If it
was this morning or it was or it was yesterday at
night, I don't know, but I'm going to look at it right now.
My God,
this was yesterday at night, of course. Yes, last
night, well, it's been 23 hours now. I'm lying.
No, I'm lying, let's see, it's a
myth. So I'm going to put it up so that you can
see it, so that everyone has something to do with it and that they don't
take
things from where they shouldn't
take things from, if someone allows me to say it. No,
I think that things need to be
said. No, I don't think so, it's not happening.
Nothing's happening,
or at least I think nothing's happening.
Yesterday at night, here it is, last
night, what I'm doing is I'm going
to share it so that you can see it.
Placida F. Thank you very much, I've been a member for nine months. Thank you
very much. I'm
posting this tweet yesterday at night, what I'm
saying is, I want to make it very clear.
First of all, I'm completely
disconnected from the latest
YouTube controversies because, as I was already watching
there, there were so many messages, they were
sending me messages on all the
private sites.  the other one I say what
madness I don't know I didn't know exactly what
had happened I knew that
Marina was going to come out with on the channel where she
collaborates and such but I really didn't know
what had happened no
fete I didn't know no
that the second one I think it's great that
my colleagues so-called youtubers
react when I react but
when they don't also I don't know why it's that I
still haven't opened my mouth or
said
yes yes Yes no yes pretty and ugly if I
liked it if I didn't I have if I'm in favor of
Martas I'm in favor of Marina or I'm in
favor of the referee captained today Real
Madrid and Barcelona
of course and it's the not placid reality
Thank you very much A big kiss
and why do I say this
is how ridiculous it is
eh I mean how ridiculous is it to put this together I
was more exasperated
over a silly thing I mean
what ridiculousness
obviously he posts those tweets to
stir up the hornet's nest so that someone says
so that we say Oh look what
Diego said
and period
Yes why do I say here that this is
false because the title says
Diego Rabal's anger  damn for God's sake what fake news
what Face news Diego
for marinas and Marta risk and I'm
never angry but come on angry
but now that I've
seen it now I'm going to give my opinion I don't
know it's that I don't know where they got the
anger thing from I don't know but it's that I don't know
who's angry or maybe it's just
someone's desire for me to get angry
with one or the other
And if you want if it seems good to you if it seems
okay to you let's go with this topic
and then we'll go with other topics but if
you want we'll go with this topic of
Marina and Marta I don't have any
problem I eat however you want if you want
I come in and comment what I have to
comment on this topic from what I've
seen you have to forgive me too
but
I think it's important too
because you haven't opened your mouth Better
with some colleague although I won't say it
publicly but maybe I
'm talking to some colleague I chat such
No but on this occasion it hasn't been like that it's
with no one
Yes I haven't spoken with absolutely
no one that's why it's a very
strange thing well a  see I can understand that
the mistake is that I put
some tweets and those of yours Well well then it is
taken for the good part it has to
do with this topic Well okay okay Well yes
Hey well he can give it
but man to give it like this with this with
this security and these things let's see that
nothing happens
the nonsense that he is complaining about or
ratherreally
really I don't understand the nonsense that he
wants to complain about or rather I don't know
if this is to discredit someone
for when he is criticized for going with
the car like that I really don't
understand I'm trying to
get the drift I'm trying to get it
but no my son obviously You
have put them for what you have put it that
you then want to deny it or that you have
made a game to see if someone
responds to you and then you saying that no,
that I don't know is something that is
giving me laziness it seems to me
such a silly thing it
seems to me silly
yes he is not saying that it is that
Diego murdered anyone of course
obviously I
mean to me like for example when he came out
to say Hey well look it is that the other one
has accused me  of disguising myself as a nurse and
breaking into a hospital to steal
information, there I understand that he
complains and I was with him 100% but doing
this false I have not gotten really angry
seriously
but a little seriousness gentlemen
we are talking about gossip Diego
we are talking about gossip Diego how
serious it seems to me that you have to
be serious at the wheel but here
on YouTube the least we have to have a
series here we have to laugh
a lot [ __ ]
Diego's anger how angry Diego But
if I don't even get angry with the dentist am I
going to get angry with any colleague
who posts or says one thing or says
the other yes I really tell you that
I think that Hey, that many
take it as too much, too much or well
too It is true that every day you have to
make videos and every day you have to
fill minutes and make many
Cuts and Yes of course obviously You have to
fill minutes but
you know perfectly well about filling minutes that
the live show starts at 9 and gives the
headline news at 12 I
mean no  I understand what it is I don't understand
what the problem is really I mean but I
really don't understand the point I
mean I don't know if anyone can enlighten me
or give me an opinion Pilar
tesa to acne if you want to send some
audio because maybe I'm
missing something that I haven't seen but it's that I
really don't understand it
really I mean I don't understand What is the
complaint or the problem or anything like that I mean
simply
This seems just as absurd to me as the other
day the argument I had with a
colleague that well everything is fine now
everything is obviously fixed but
a friend came to me It's that I don't
like how you're focusing on it because you
're having debates because you're
doing I don't know what then the next day
another colleague it's that you have put me in
a title that I have betrayed when I have
not betrayed gentlemen if you don't know
what we are playing and in the
content that we handle please
put yourself in context It's not that I don't
like how you do it because I am
put yourself in context please please
let's find out where we
are and how to play and  of how we
handle ourselves And of what there is Because if we are
going to have thin skin in the end
what I am going to end up doing is
blocking everyone except
Enrique and Alande
and I am going to put you all in the thumbnail
angry I am going to put you all in the
thumbnail crying and I am going to put in
the title that you are pissing in the
living room of the house every day really I mean
we are getting to a point
where we are complaining about some
[ __ ] that really when something
serious happens what are we going to do
I am there for all the colleagues
when something serious happens when Diego was
slandered I was supporting him because they
were very serious accusations
Okay when Amparo was also accused I do
n't remember what it was I was
with her because they were very serious things
that they attacked Amparo I don't remember
what it was
but man complaining about a thumbnail and
a title
being on YouTube man if they
put me Here in the thumbnail for example
like what happened to a youtuber a
youtuber was shown eating a
[ __ ] in a thumbnail and in a  youtuber
that I didn't get along with, I
defended her of course
if you put me in a headline
[Music]
Enrique Garca sells cocaine well I
understand that he gets angry but man that
we get angry because it puts
Diego Arrabal's anger
man that we get angry because it puts the
youtuber that betrays I don't know who
man please
man please because I spend all
day with charisma putting on False Friend I'm
not doing more live with him The worst friend I
've ever put in my face I'm sick
of charisma
man please whoever doesn't understand
where we are
with all the love and respect in the world I do
n't want to fight with anyone but
please let's know where we are and
what is serious and what is it that he
records us for the serious thing I am I am the
first one you have my ax
but if we are going to start with delicacies
I block everyone and you are going to find out
everything about what titles and thumbnails are
and the other day I entered the live a
friend because I am fond of her I saw her
bad I don't want to see anyone like this because that's not
the intention But the thing is that I can't
be with this one gets upset because it is said I don't
know what in my live the other one gets
upset because they don't want debates on
a topic that is popular the other one Gets
upset about a title the other one Gets upset about
a word the other one Gets upset about
what people have said in the chat
man please I don't give a
[ __ ] what people say in the
chat
the people in the chat put whatever they
want
as if they want to put that Javier has
been walking around the lake today
naked and he's been giving dick to
a bunch of old women put whatever they
want What does it matter what does it
matter once you
turn off the computer you sit down with your
wife and it doesn't matter what
the [ __ ] chat is saying we are here for
people to have their opinion we are here to be
people's entertainment and
people have to have their opinions and let off steam
like crazy you have to get out whatever
they can
if we're going to get delicate over
stupid things
we create a Pocoyo channel or we
create a clay channel of this
that they also give  many visits a channel
to open Kinder eggs and the
colored plasticines come out and you create a
bunny and I don't know what we are in the world
of gossip Gentlemen, let's find out, we are already
in the world of gossip,
okay
And it's that in addition, it is that it is even
by law a certain more of
rudeness and criticism and cruelty is allowed I
mean, if even the law protects you
in this type of content
Mara Teresa Jimnez You are going too
far Mara Teresa that you put me in
the chat where I go naked through the
Lago shopping center and I have [ __ ] with my [ __ ]
and I have given seven dick blows to four
old women that you put that for me, does that
offend you Mara Teresa, well, to the Pocoy Channel,
man, already with the nonsense,
man, already with the nonsense, do you
really think that is annoying It's that
whoever believes that, whoever the one who really is
bothered By those little things,
whoever is bothered by those little things, the day
that serious things happen to them like they have
happened to me in seven years, they will
hide under the bed
This Is  The Jungle
This Is The Jungle
man for God's sake
and all and I can understand that Hey,
I'm not criticizing him but this is a
lie that I'm not angry
with Marta or Marina or with myself
no because there I am with a face that's pissed off
well not angry either, I don't have
that face not on my face pissed off
but anyway
and after seeing after seeing
Marina's live the other day
which was on Tuesday no yes it was on Tuesday I
think
Yes I think it was Tuesday
night
come on I think not sure no yes eh I'll
repeat it again I haven't seen the whole thing eh I mean I haven't seen the
whole thing because I haven't had
time and I haven't had time to see the whole thing
but it's true that well I have seen
some parts of
that live show which by the way Hey from
here to give congratulations because it's
true that Hey it was quite well
received by the public that we
have on YouTube
Because we made a circus for
that reason
because we made a circus
and because we know how to do it
and because we grow clowns
if I open live with Marina at 10
at night
and I tell Marina tell what you were going to
tell and Marina  He tells it,
the live ends after half an hour.
But you know what, Diego Arrabal,
and I take advantage of the fact that they criticize, thumbnail, to criticize
you. I
don't need
an 806 line
to fill
the two hours of content,
and yet
I got a live show where there isn't a single unmissable minute.
Salsa grandparents explode against the falsification
and crystal generation of the
salsa streamer environment and create a maelstrom
that disintegrates Dallas
and Uncle Sur with a massive exposure. Interstellar, I
already saw the title coming XD
Marina's live shows, face
rolling with laughter. She doesn't dare to
give your name,
anyway.
[Music]